ztp: Add upgrade.md (#870)
openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy: ztp/gitops-subscriptions/argocd/Upgrade.md

## Steps to Upgrade from v4.9 [argocd/example](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/tree/release-4.9/ztp/gitops-subscriptions/argocd/resource-hook-example) to v4.10 [argocd/example](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/tree/release-4.10/ztp/gitops-subscriptions/argocd/example)

Follow the steps 1, 2 and 3 to prepare the hub cluster as [Readme](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/blob/release-4.10/ztp/gitops-subscriptions/argocd/README.md) (Preparation of Hub cluster) section mentioned.
 
**Upgrading the SiteConfig repository:**
At the siteConfig repository follow those steps:
 1. Delete the post-sync.yaml and pre-sync.yaml files.
 1. If the siteconfig*.yaml in the repository contain definition for the Namespace remove it.
 1. Update the kustomization.yaml file to be as below
```
generators:
# list of all the siteConfig*.yaml exist in the repository
- example-sno.yaml
``` 
 Save and push changes to the repository
 
**Upgrading the policyGenTemplate repository:**
At the policyGenTemplate repository follow those steps:
 1. Delete the post-sync.yaml and pre-sync.yaml files.

>  1. If the PolicyGenTemplate*.yaml in the repository contain definition for the Namespace remove it and define the Namespace in separate file similar to the new [example/ns.yaml](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/blob/release-4.10/ztp/gitops-subscriptions/argocd/example/policygentemplates/ns.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. If any PolicyGenTemplate*.yaml in the repository contains a namespace definition, remove it and define the Namespace in separate file similar to the new [example/ns.yaml](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/blob/release-4.10/ztp/gitops-subscriptions/argocd/example/policygentemplates/ns.yaml).
```

>  1. Adjust the Namespace name to start with prefix  `ztp` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Adjust all Namespace names to start with prefix  `ztp`.
```
Maybe add an example? Also, is this still needed?

 1. Adjust the PolicyGenTemplate*.yaml Namespace accordingly. 
 1. Update the kustomization.yaml file to be as below
```
generators:
# List of all the PolicyGenTemplate*.yaml exist in the repository
- common-ranGen.yaml
- group-du-sno-ranGen.yaml
- example-sno-site.yaml

resources:
# List of Namespace*.yaml required by the PolicyGenTemplate*.yaml
- ns.yaml
``` 

>  Save and push changes to the repository

Reviewer: What will happen when the user does this?

 
**Upgrading the policyGenTemplate repository:**
In the policyGenTemplate repository follow the steps below:
 1. Delete the post-sync.yaml and pre-sync.yaml files.
 1. If any PolicyGenTemplate*.yaml in the repository contains a namespace definition, remove it and define the Namespace in separate file similar to the new [example/ns.yaml](https://github.com/openshift-kni/cnf-features-deploy/blob/master/ztp/gitops-subscriptions/argocd/example/policygentemplates/ns.yaml).
 1. Adjust all Namespace names to start with prefix  `ztp`.
 1. Adjust the PolicyGenTemplate*.yaml Namespace accordingly. 
 1. Update the kustomization.yaml file to have all PGTs in the `generators` section, and all Namespaces in the `resources` section. For example:
```
generators:
# List of all the PolicyGenTemplate*.yaml exist in the repository
- common-ranGen.yaml
- group-du-sno-ranGen.yaml
- example-sno-site.yaml

resources:
# List of Namespace*.yaml required by the PolicyGenTemplate*.yaml
- ns.yaml
``` 
 Save and push changes to the repository. The ArgoCD application will detect the changes that have been done to the PolicyGenTemplates git repository   

>  and re-sync the ACM policies to the hub cluster. Note: The ACM policies will be recreated under the new Namesapces.

Reviewer: Do users need to delete the old policies from the old namespaces?  Will any changes be pushed out to the clusters immediately? What about the new integration with the LifecycleOperator?

Author: No need to delete any thing ArgoCD App take care of that for both PGT & siteConfig. Delete the policies does not affect the provisioned cluster the new policies will get created and then shows complaint or not same as the old one.
regrds LifecycleOperator let's have it work first then we will documented.
